1) Microcontrollers are usually found in embedded systems with specialized single-pupose code. 
They tend to be smaller, less capable computers, and they are usually single-chip gadgets.

3) The Atmel AVR cannot compute floating point numbers, and can only compute very small integers. All of
Atmel AVR's memory is cached memory.

4) The Atmel is an example of the Harvard architecture because it has different physical sotrage banks and 
different data buses which allows it to both read an instruction and perform a data memory access at the same time.

5) RAM can be both read from and written to, while ROM can only be read from.

6) SRAM costs more per byte than DRAM because each memory bit on SRAM typically requires about 6 to 10 transistors.
So, SRAM takes up 10 times as much space on the chip and costs up to 10 times as much money as DRAM.

7) The Atemel AVR has three memory banks: the FLASH ROM memory bank, the SRAM memory bank, and the EEPROM memory bank.
The FLASH ROM memory bank is a read-only bank used to store program code since it is nonvolatile. The SRAM memory
bank is used for reading/writing program variables because it is quick. The EEPROM bank is used for long-term storage
of program data that must survive a power outage.

8) A watchdog timer is used to prevent the system from locking up.

9) "memory mapped I/0" means that the inputs and outputs have a specific addressable location in the I/O memory
bank.

10) The Atmel would write to the Data Register assigned to the LED and send an eletrical signal to the outpins of the LED.

11) You could add a 7th instruction for no light and when you triggered emergency it could loop between the 6th and 
7th instruction making the light flash red and then off.

12) EPROM is a type of ROM that stands for "Erasable Programmable ROM" which can be reprogrammed and reused unlike PROM.
EEPROM is a variation of EPROM that stands for "Electronically Erasable Programmable ROM" which uses a localized
electrical field to erase its memory, unlike EPROM which requires a ultraviolet light chamber.

13) UART stands for "Universal Asynchronous Receiver and Transmitter" which is used for large-scale data transmission/
reception.

14) An interrupt is used to reset the program from a lockup, it is usually programmed with a JUMP command.
